Allow static ports duplication on network host with multiple matches (#23702)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/23693.txt

```release-note:bug

> networking: Fixed a bug where if a client have two IP on the same network host, only one can provide the same static port

Reviewer: It's a little difficult to understand the improved outcome here.  how about this?

```suggestion
networking: The same static port can now be used more than once on host networks with multiple IPs
```

Author: I had trouble to express it too, thank you for the wording
